The Joe Rogan experience. We talked about this before.
We need to find a cul-de-sac and don't buy houses there.
You mean the cult? Yes.
I know what you think a ranch would do the trick.
It's hot Tufts to get people to live on a ranch.
Oh, I see the way you're talking about, I know what you're talking about. Yeah.
It's not that hard. Like I, you know,
I think the way you do it is in phases, right?
So like the first thing would be just get the land. Right.
And then hire an architect. Yeah. Hire an architect. And then like, you know,
all looks great.
That thing that he did in upstate New York. Beautiful. Have you been there?
I've been there and I haven't, unfortunately, I haven't been there since its,
its completion. I know if it's completed,
but I've been there in the early phases and yeah, that for sure is a temple.
Like it's no joke. It's not like, they're just saying it's a temple.
That's a real.
Printed, those weird faces.
Those multi feature faces and use them in the corners of the building.
What is it? What does he call it?
I can't remember. I'm sorry. Causal call.
Cause I thought you meant what he called those faces. He has the names,
name for the faces too.
Is that the chapel of sacred mirrors? Is that what it sounds for?
But isn't that Kozum is,
was used to be what he called the place in New York city. Right.
He had the place in Manhattan.
I think they still will. They still do have a beautiful place in New York, uh,
actual or like a, uh, an artist loft there, I believe. But like they,
they ended up realizing it was time to like spread their wings.
Build at temple. Yeah. And then really go somewhere in nature. Yeah.
They're there in like a small New York town, right? Yeah. That's right.
State town. Yeah.
It's a beautiful place. And they're.
Legit religion and Theone. That's.
Right. And they're an actual religion, which they are, they are actually.
A religion. Yeah. It is a religion. And by the way,
our religion is one of anything from you. Like th they're not,
I'm not trying to get 10% of your money.
They're giving you a bunch of rules to follow. They want you to learn worship,
love and creativity. It's a really interesting place is that, oh,
that's just an image of what it's going to look like.
And I'll think it's really quite there yet. But holy, man.
Imagine coming up to that, like walking up to their front door and you're like,
oh my God, what the hell am I looking at?
Dude, when I was on tour, they let me park my tour bus there.
Cause we needed a place to sleep for the night.
So I had to sleep in front of that thing in my tour bus and I,
and it hadn't even gotten to that phase,
but I had crazy dreams just sleeping there. Yeah.
It was wild man.
One of those, if you build it, they will come. Things like,
do you imagine how hard you would trip inside that place?
Do you know what I'm saying? Like, I don't think it's, I don't think it's a,
like you could do DMT in a apartment and still have some crazy
mind blowing trip,
but you can't tell me that coming to this place and going through this
[inaudible] portal. Yeah.
That this isn't going to have some crazy effect on the way trip.
Yeah. Oh my God. But that, you know, that was the idea of a temple. I mean,
the idea is I'm not, I'm not just saying to trip or whatever,
but the concept is like, you know,
let's acknowledge the fact that maybe our ideas aren't necessarily
coming from inside our brains. Let's just as a fantasy.
Imagine that there is a divine intelligence that as one of the many beautiful
things, it pushes into this particular realm is art.
And that if we can figure out a way to purify the connection with that thing,
then we become receivers for that. And by doing that,
we allow that thing to begin to exist in this world.
And a temple was a place that allowed that connection to be refined
purified. Uh intentionalized.
And in that there's this solidification called inspiration or art or
whatever the name is, you want to give it, but it's really,
it's like output from a place that maybe is a, you know, a flute,
a few floors up from the one we're at,
it's having a pretty wonderful party right now.
And like part of what we do is like allow it to drip into this round,
which is potentially a denser realm. We're in the realm of matter. It's dense,
you know, and like ideas. If you look at your ideas, they're they're light.
They're like they're, they're they're they're they don't have at least my ideas.
Like they're, they're they're not like heavy they're, uh,
inspiration feels like barely anything.
In fact it's so barely anything think how easy it is to miss a good idea how
easy it is to think something cool that maybe you want to write down for a joke.
And you're just,
I'll write that down later and then it's gone and it's light it's light.
And so in, in part of what they're, I think are all about, or, I mean, I, again,
that's me putting it on them.
They have a wonderful description on their website about what they're all about.
But to me, part of what creation is, is taking those things,
allowing them to come through you and then allowing this realm to do what it
does, which is to crystallize them in a denser form that other people can enjoy.
And you know, that, um,
that enjoyment is, uh, you know, that's enough.
It doesn't have to be some lofty.
It's just like people get a little like this tiny little smell
of heaven, like a better place, a lighter place,
a place that isn't encumbered by so much.
It's this particular realm that can like completely take someone out of a
depression, man, that can completely give somebody that, you know, juice.
They need to like get back out there and like open up themselves to the
world and not be shut down. Just one little like tiny,
tiny minuscule reminder of like, don't worry, there's this,
isn't the only place there's simultaneously amazing things happen
happening with your part of you just don't realize it yet.
And don't worry, you know, McKinney, he said in one of his essays,
that's what he would say on mushrooms is you would get this message.
Don't worry, we're coming. Don't worry. We're coming. And you know what I mean?
But I think that's what art does is it gives you this sense of like,
don't worry right now, we're just building the runway. Don't worry. It's coming.
I know this place seems up. It's a little dense right now.
We're going to lighten it up. And then that.
Is your own imagination. Now,
like how much of your own imagination stimulates your trips? You know,
I mean,
we want to assume that we're really interacting with something right on the
other side, but why, why do we assume that that's something,
obviously it's not static. The,
one of the things about tryptamine experiences is that things twist and
change and morph and shift and never,
they never stay any one thing for any length of time.
They're always becoming other things and moving in and out of things like
maybe that's just what happens over there.
Maybe this things are constantly shifting and changing.
You know, maybe what we're doing is we're trying to apply.
When we think of how we are here in this, this life,
we're trying to apply those laws to whatever we, we experience when we,
when we, when we do that.
But it seems so alien when you have those experiences, it seems so alien.
You're not going to be able to bring any of that back.
You can give someone like little glimpses and what Alex has done the best is
captured like, oh, I know what he's doing. Like those faces those,
like almost a gypsy looking golden faces are moving apart from each other.
Like you go, oh yeah, I've seen something. Yeah. Something sorta, yeah.
There's a trip to mean part to that,
but that whatever that would it be in that dimension,
it would change and become something else and didn't instantaneously and then
become something else. And then,
and a lot of it has to do with how you're thinking, which is weird. It's like,
are,
is the way your thinking actually affecting those things or is the
way you're thinking effecting your perception of whatever this
energy is and how it manifests itself.
Well, I mean, this is that right. Even in, in what you're saying,
there's this assumption that, that you're thinking is separate from the thing.
Right. Right, right. And, and,
and so w so we have a thought and we're thinking to ourselves, oh,
I just got a good idea.
We don't know that if we had a different way of quantifying time and space,
we might've just seen some,
a theorial MIS drift through us that produced a thing.
We caught a thought that we thought must be us.
So you look at a thing in that realm and it's shifting and converting. And,
and you notice that that conversion seems to be happening in relation to like
how you're feeling. And you know,
now you're in a chicken or the egg conversation, which is like, who's, you know,
who's reflecting who here, like who,
which of us is like real,
and which of us isn't are we just kind of there? I am.
I just seeing who I actually am, but because I live in a world of,
um,
individuality and I live in a world where there's a separate quality to things.
I see, I have to see you as separate, because if I don't, I can't see you.
I know all I can do, you know, I I'm seeing myself in you, which is,
I think what, what is happening in this realm anyway, it's like,
when we're anything you're looking at right now is, uh,
some phenomena being painted instantaneously by your
imagination with all, that's what the imagination is doing.
It's painting colors onto the universe of infinite phenomena that
your, your brain is like doing out of habits. So that's, that's that, you know,
anything that anyone you're around,
you make an instantaneous assessment of that person, or, uh,
you, you begin to like, realize like, wait, I got a bad vibe about that person.
I bet something's off with them. And then you go into like, you're a TV psychic,
like, oh yeah, really? Oh, really? Is that your,
was that the instincts you learn? Where'd you learn that world Warcraft. Yeah.
You don't, you don't know, but I've done that by the way.
I'm talking about myself where I'm like, yeah.
I just can tell if a person is on a string. It's like, no.
You can definitely tell if a person's really weird though.
That's for sure. You can tell if a person's off,
like they're not really connecting with you or they're intending to connect with
you. And you're like, well, I got a weird vibe from this. Yeah.
If you looked at what he said on paper and what you said on paper would be
totally normal. That's true.
There's sometimes there's a certain things of a violation of space.
There's a weirdness to the way they look at you, a cadence, they're like, oh,
you're off.
I hate that feeling, man. That's a deeper thing.
When the alarm bells go off like that,
your hair starts standing up and you're like, gotta go. I hate that.
That's scary. But you know, I'm just saying, sometimes you're not right.
And this is like, why you need empiricism in science,
because sometimes you're not right. Like,
just because you think that's how is from some instinct inside of you
doesn't mean that's how things is your bias. And so that, that's the projection.
That's like the, that's the part of you that you're like,
you're still dealing with some trauma when you're a kid.
And you're seeing that trauma in all the things around you.
And so you're like in an argument with someone who hurt you 20 years ago,
when you're talking to somebody who vaguely reminds you of that person,
you're still having the argument.
And if you're not aware that you're still having that argument,
then you can start saying. Like, why do you always end up with the same person?
It's like, oh, I always draw this kind of person to me. And it's like, well,
maybe you're drawing the exact same kind of person to you.
Or maybe you're running the same movie on a different screen. And being like,
I've seen this before. I keep seeing this movie, you know, it's like,
that's the same movie. It's like, you're seeing the same thing.
You're projecting. It's just, it looks at like,
now it's not Tom, it's Alex,
or now it's not Lisa. You're looking at Samantha,
but you're still seeing this thing. And that that's the projection. So anyway,
that's the imagination.
And the question is how powerful is that projection?
Because sometimes you start projecting onto someone how you think they are.
And if that person's weak or insecure,
they'll start acting the way you think they are now.
You've your projection is sprung to life in front of you because the person,
you essentially animated a person with your expectation of them.
And then because that person is acting the way you thought they would act,
because they don't know the. They are,
you're making monsters with your imagination.
We just do it. Right. That's how you start a sex cult.
How the same way you got to take these people and like put it in their head that
this is what they do. Oh, right. Put it in their head, right?
Yeah. That's right. You say you see it. I see it in you.